#summary Download files and documents about this tool.
#labels download,run,project

= Introduction =

In this page we describe how to run our tool, the transformer, and documents for a better understanding.

= Test our transformer =

We develop 3 applications that use our tool.

*1) SimpleCommandLine:*
  * [http://umltoejb.googlecode.com/files/SimpleCommandLine-1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar Download here].
  * Run to transform our diagram's example ([http://code.google.com/p/umltoejb/wiki/ViewAnExample see here]) hardcoded in this app.

*2) XMICommandLine:*
  * [http://umltoejb.googlecode.com/files/XMICommandLine-1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar Download here].
  * Transform XMI files in your Terminal using 'java -jar XMICommandLine.jar path_to_xmi'.

*3) XMIGui:*
  * [http://umltoejb.googlecode.com/files/XMIGui-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar Download here].
  * Using our GUI, you can load XMI files to transform them and query the result using OCL queries.

== This app's source code is in out repository. If you want, it's in the folder 'apps'==

= Download our project compiled =

First, you have to download the dependencies:

* [http://www.slf4j.org/ Simple Logging Facade for Java or (SLF4J)]
  * slf4j-api-1.5.11.jar - [http://umltoejb.googlecode.com/files/slf4j-nop-1.5.11.jar Download]
  * slf4j-nop-1.5.11.jar - [http://umltoejb.googlecode.com/files/slf4j-api-1.5.11.jar Download]

* [http://secumltoaac.sourceforge.net/ XEOS (eXtended Eye OCL Software)]
  * XEOS.jar - [http://umltoejb.googlecode.com/files/XEOS-1.0.jar Download]
  Obs.: This version is customized for this application. Please use this one.

* Transformer-base
  * transformer-base-1.0.jar - [http://umltoejb.googlecode.com/files/transformer-base-1.0.jar Download]

* Transformer
  * transformer-1.0.jar - [http://umltoejb.googlecode.com/files/transformer-1.0.jar Download]

`*``*``*`
_*If you want the source-code, download the version 1.0 [http://umltoejb.googlecode.com/files/umltoejb-src-1.0.jar here] or [http://code.google.com/p/umltoejb/source/checkout checkout it]. We use [http://netbeans.org/ Netbeans] to develop this tool.*_
`*``*``*`

After this, you can use these files and test the transformer by yourself, in your own application :)

= Download and Compile =

If you want to compile this project:

*1) Get the source code:*
  * Download it [http://umltoejb.googlecode.com/files/umltoejb-src-1.0.jar here]
  * Checkout it [http://code.google.com/p/umltoejb/source/checkout here]

*2) Compile using:*
  * [http://netbeans.org/ Netbeans]. We use this IDE to develop this tool so we recommend it. If you use an older version, please install the Maven's plugin.
  * [http://maven.apache.org/ Maven]. This project uses Maven so just run this command in the console: mvn compile
  * javac. Use the following commands to compile (run it in the 'umltoejb' folder) (In this case, YOU MUST DOWNLOAD ALL SLF4J DEPENDENCIES and put these jar in the 'umltoejb' folder):
    {{{
            Under construction.
    }}}

= Javadoc =

In development but you can download what we have documented in the release 1.0 [http://umltoejb.googlecode.com/files/javadocs-1.0.zip here].